I've been in this damn thing for five years now
cell and I'm anxious to be taken out
to go see my family
that common volpi sorry sir policeman is
I'm anxious to get to grove
street
this bad country is crazy
sorry is that he did not endure the emotion
When I'm nervous, I get worse
early and how long do you think
You will leave that poor boy behind bars
I ask you to let it go or I'll kill you
you listened
good if you insist it frees you from
and police forced them all to
free brian jones or as fast
possible
mister rían johnson have risen
the charges that accused him of killing 11
policemen and more than 123 dancing are you
free
it's the happiest day of my life finally
I'll see what I want so much that nervous
I am
Y
it's how they are all missed me or
the 'suite hello cesar hello sick
tururú
brother I missed you so much I thought that
you had died how not to do it if you've
left lying in the middle of a shot you
I will have to do a lot for me
sorry
my brother you know who killed man were
the berries and everything for your fucking fault what
you left everything for five years and you had
whores and money in liberty city
that's why now, like you killed my mother
and you left me lying down I will kill everyone today
the milk door
queers
or not
Y
almost in the mouth
fuck asshole to buy the always
He was the most handsome of all until I
they left for dead
Attentive everyone I entered harangued a debt
pending with him
I repeat I will enter calmly they are down
waiting for him to come down and kill him
Mr. Brian Johnson Accused of Killing More
of 100 policemen over 300 hurdles
rape and larceny to his son's wife
is bursting fed up with the
commandments of the law of the Lord
kill you will no longer steal you will not want the
next woman you masturbate in
prison informed him that you are
arrested with a penalty of three hundred
ninety-eight years in prison
good agent temple can arrest
jajajaj idiot I will not let myself die so
easy and the time will come to you and your
friends
now I will blow you all to pieces